<pre>
 257
 
 TILB 12.--BANKS AND BANKING
 
 §§ I- u
 
 TITLE 12.-BANKS AND BANKING
 Chapter                                                       Sec. Chapter                                                      Sec.
 1. Tilr COMPTIOLLR Or THI  CURnNcY -----------------------    1  6. FORLION IIANKINO ..---------------------------------------- 60
 2. NATIONAL BANKS-    ----------------------------------------- 21  7. FEDIRAL FARM LOANS -------- f      .----------------------------- (11
 8. FKCDnIAL aHEnvID SYSTM - .--------------------------------- 221 8. PEDEUAr, INTERMFDIATE CREDIT IAKH ------------------------ 1021
 4. TAXATION ----------------------------------------------   31  0. NATIONAL AunicULTUS CIEDI CORrOR     ONS -------------- 1151
 5. CdIAIIG AND OFFNES ----------------------------------     81
 
 Chapter 1.-TIE COMPTROLLER OF TIE CURRENCY.
 Sec.
 1. Bureau of Comptroller of the Currency.
 2. Comptroller of the Currency; appointment; term; salary.
 3. Oath and bond of comptroller.
 4. Deputy comptroller.
 5. Assistant deputy comptroller.
 0. Additional deputy comptroller.
 7. Chief of examining division.
 8. Clerks.
 9. Additional examiners, clerks, and other employees.
 10. Salaries of deputy comptrollers, examiners, and other employees as
 part of administration expenses.
 11. Interest In national banks.
 12. Seal of comptroller.
 13. Itooms for Crrency Bureau.
 14. Report of Comptroller.
 15. Inclusion In report of expenses of liquidation of national banks.
 CROSS REFIRENCI
 See also Title 31, MONLY AND FINANCH.
 Section 1. Bureau of Comptroller of the Currency.-There
 shall be in the Department of the Treasury a bureau charged
 with the execution of all laws passed by Congress relating to
 the Issue and regulation of a national currency secured by
 United States bonds and, under the general supervision of the
 Pederal Reserve Board, of all Federal reserve notes, the chief
 oflicer of which bureau shall be called the Comptroller of the
 Currency and shall perform his dutiles under the general direc-
 tions of the Secretary of the Treasury. (R. S. § 324; Dec. 2,
 1913, c. 0, § 10, 38 Stat. 261.)
 2. Comptroller of the Currency; appointment; term; sal-
 ary.--The Comptroller of the Currency shall be appointed by
 the President, on the recommendation of the Secretary of tie
 Treasury, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
 and shall hold his office for the term of five years unless sooner
 removed by the President, upon reasons to be communicated
 by him to the Smonate; and he shall be entitled to a salary of
 $5,000 a year. (R. S: § 325.)
 3. Oath and bond of comptroller.-The Comptroller of the
 Currency shall,' within fifteen days from the time of notice
 of his appointment, take and subscribe the oath of office; and
 he shall give to the United States a bond in the penalty of
 $100,000, with not less than two responsible sureties, to be
 approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, conditioned for
 the faithful discharge of the duties of his office.  (I. S.
 326.)
 4. Deputy comptroller.-There shall be in the Bureau of the
 Comptroller of the Currency a Deputy Comptroller of the
 Currency, to be appointed by the Secretary, who shall possess
 the power and perform the duties attached by law to the office
 of comptroller during a vacancy in the office or during the
 absence or inability of the comptroller.. The deputy comp-
 troller shall also take the oath of office prescribed by tle
 Constitution and laws of the United States, and shall give a
 like bond In the penalty of $50,000. (R. S. § 327.)
 5. Assistant deputy comptroller.-An assistant deputy comnp-
 troller shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
 and shall possess the power and perform the duties attached
 by law to the office of comptroller during a vacancy in the
 office of comptroller and deputy comptroller or during the
 80270°-2--17
 
 absence or inability of the comptroller and tile depuity comp-
 troller, and said assistant deputy comptroller shall give it like
 bond in the penalty of $50,000. (Mar. 4, 1909, c. 297, § 1, 15
 Stitt. 867.)
 6. Additional deputy comptraller.-In addition to the two
 Deputy Comptrollers of the Cu:'reney provided for in the two
 preceding sections, there shall be In the Bureau of the Comip-
 troller of the Currency a third Deputy Comptroller of the
 Currency who shall be appointed in the saie manner and
 shall take a like oath of oflice and give a like bond its the
 deputy comptroilers proviled for in the two preceding sections.
 Under the direction of the Cojaptroller of the Currency, seil
 additional deputy comptroller Ohali have charge of tlhe admain-
 Istration of the provisions of chapter 9 of this title relat-
 ing to the organization and operation of national agricul-
 tural credit corporations and shall perform such other dfuties
 as shall be assigned to him by the Comptroller of tile Cur-
 reney. (Mar. 4, 1923, c. 252, Title II, § 209, 42 Stat. 1.167.)
 7. Chief of examining division.-The Comptroller of the Cur-
 rency may designate a national bunk examiner to act is chief
 of the examining division in his office. (Feb. 17, 1922, c. 55,
 42 Stat. 375; Jan. 3, 1923, c. Z2, 42 Stat. 1096.)
 8. Clerks.-The Comptroller of the Currency sll ciplhy,
 from time to tihe, til necessary clerks, to be appointed aind
 classified by the Secretary of the Treasury, to discharge such
 duties as the comptroller s111 direct. (It. S. § .328.)
 9. Additional examiners, clerks, and other employees.-Tho
 Comptroller of the Curtency Is authorized to employ such
 additional examiners, clerks, and other employees I1s lIe deems
 necessary to carry out the provisions of clpter 9 and to
 assign to duty in the office of his bureau ill Washington such
 examiners and assistant examiners as lie shall deinm necessary
 to assist In the performance of the work of that bureau. (Mar.
 4, 1923, c. 252, Title II, § 209, 42 Stlat. 1,467.)
 10. Salaries of deputy comptrollers, examiners, alni! other
 employees as part of administration expenses.-The sal'aries
 of the two deputy comptrollers provided for by law, prior to
 March 4, 1923, and of alj ntloil bank exalminers and issist-
 ant examiners assigned to duty il tile oflice of the bureaml Il
 Washington in connection with the supervision of national
 banks shall be consilered part of the expenses of tle examina-
 tions provided for by section 481 of tils title; and the salaries
 of such additional deputy comptroller and of ll exmimers, as-
 sistant examiners, clerks, and other emnployces appoilned un1er
 chapter 9 and assigned to dult3 In connection withi  1 ladmllills-
 tration of chapter 9 shall lie considered part of the expenses
 of the admlnilstratlon of tills clpter: Pro:ided, however, That
 tile salary of the additional deputy comptroller provided for by
 section 6 of this title slhll be eonsilered partly an expense of
 tie administration of chapter 9 In proportions to be determlined
 from tinm to time by the Comptroller of the Currency with a
 view to a fair apportlonment of such expense, until such ttle as
 it shall be necessary for such additional deputy col)tirolher
 to give his full time to the administration of that cllaiter.
 (Mar. 4, 1923, c. 252, Title II, § 209, 42 Stat. 1,167.)
 11. Interest in national banks.-It shall not be lawful for tie
 Comptroller or tie Deputy Comptroller of the Currency, either
 directly or Indirectly, to be interested In any association Issuing
 
 
 TITLB 12.-BANKS AND BANKING
 
 national currency under the laws of tie United States. (R. S.
 3 829.)
 12. Seal of comptroller.-The seal devised by the Comptroller
 of the Currency for his offie, and approved by the Secretary
 of the Treasury, shall continue to be the seal of office of the
 comptroller: and may be renewed wheu necessary. A descrip-
 tin of the seal, with an Impression thereof, and a certificate
 of al)roval by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be filed
 in lie oillce of the Secretary of State. (It.S. § 330; Feb. 18,
 1875, e. S0, § 1, 18 Stat. 317.)
 13. Rooms for Currency Bureau.-There shall be assigned,
 from lime to time, to the Comptroller of the Currency, by the
 Secretary of the Treasury, suitable rooms in the Treasury
 Building for conducting the business of the Currency Bureau,
 contuining safe and secure fireproof vaults, in which the comp-
 troller shall deposit and safely keep all the plates not neces-
 sarily in the possession of engravers or printers, and other
 valuable things belonging to his department; and the comp-
 troller shall from time to time furnish the necessary furniture,
 stationery, fuel, lights, and other proper conveniences for the
 transaction of the business of his offece. (R. S. § 331.)
 14. Report of comptroller-The Comptroller of the Currency
 shall make an annual report to Congress, at the commencement
 of Its session, exhibiting-
 First. A summary of the state and condition of every asso-
 clation from which reports have been received the preceding
 year, at the several dates to which such reports refer, with an
 abstract of the whole amount of banking capital returned by
 them, of the whole amount of their debts and liabilities, the
 amount of circulating notes outstanding, and the total amount
 of means and resources, specifying the amount of lawful money
 held by themi at the times of their several returns, and such
 other infornmation Is relation to such associations as, In his
 Judgment, may be useful.
 Second. A statement of the absociations whose business has
 been closed (hiring the year, with the amount of their cIrcula-
 thin redeemed and the amount outstanding.
 Third. Any amendment to the laws relative to banking by
 which the system may be improved, and the security of the
 holders of Its notes and other creditors may be increased.
 Fourth. A statement exhibiting under appropriate heads the
 resources and liabilities and condition of the banks, banking
 companies, and savings banks organized under the laws of the
 several States and Territories; such Information to be obtained
 by the comptroller from the reports macde by such banks,
 banking companies, and savings banks to the legislatures or
 offlcers of the different States and Territories, and, where such
 reports can not 1)e ohtained, the deficiency to be supplied from
 such other authentic sources as may be available.
 Fifth. The names and compensation of the clerks employed
 by him, and the whole amount of the expenses of the banking
 department during the year. (R. S. § 333; Feb. 18, 1875, c. 80,
 § 1, 18 Stat. 317.)
 15. Inclusion in report of expenses of liquidation of national
 banlcs.-The Comptroller of the Currency Is hereby directed to
 include in his annual report to the Speaker of the House of
 ItepresentatIves, expenses Incurred during each year, In liqui-
 dation of each failed national bank separately. (Apr. 28, 1002,
 c. 591, § 1, 32 Stat. 138.)
 Chapter : -NATIONAL BANKS.
 ORGANIZATION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS
 See.
 21. Formation of national banking associations; incorporators; ar-
 ticles of association.
 22. Organization certificate.
 23. Acknowledgment and filing of certificate.
 24. Corporate powers of associations.
 
 See.
 25. Repeal of Acts relating to extension of period of corporate su..
 cession; operation of paragraph 2 of preceding section.
 20. Comptroller to determine it associntions can commence business.
 27. Certificate of authority to coninence banking.
 28. Publication of certificate.
 29. Power to hold real property.
 30. Change of name or locatlon.
 31. Rights and liabilities ns affected by change of name.
 32. Liabilities and suits as affected by change of name or location.
 33. Consolidation of banks; capital stock; dissenting sharehohlers.
 34. Effect of consolidation on rights and liabilities.
 35. Organization of State banks as national banking associations.
 30. Organization of State banks having branches as national banking
 associations.
 37. Associations governed by chapter.
 38. " The National Bank Act."
 39. Reservation of rights of associations organized under Act of
 1803.
 CAPITAL, STOCK, AND STOCKHOLDERS
 51. Requisite amount of capital.
 52. Par value and Incidents of stock; transfer of shares.
 53. When capital stock paid in; installments; proof.
 54. Failure to pay installments; remedy; effect If reduction of capital
 results.
 55. Enforcing payment of deficiency in capital stock; assessments;
 liquidation ; receivership.
 56. Prohibition" on withdrawal of capital , unearned dividends.
 57. Increase of capitli by provision in articles of association.
 58. Increase of capital by vote of shareholders.
 59. Reducton of capital by vote of shareholders.
 60. Dividends and surplus, funds.
 61, tight of shareholders to vote.
 62, List of shareholders.
 03. Individual liability of shareholders.
 64. Individual liability of shareholders; effect of transfer of shares.
 65, Enforcement of shareholders' individual liability by creditors on
 liquidation.
 00. Personal liability of representatives of stockholders.
 DIRECTORS
 71. Election.
 72. Qualifications.
 73. Oath.
 74. Vacancies.
 75. Proceedings where no election held on proper day.
 70. Election of president of board.
 REGULATION OF TIlE BANKING BUSINESS; POWERS AND
 DUTIES OF NATIONAL BANKS
 81. Place of business.
 82. Limit on indebtedness incurred by bank.
 83. Loans on or purchase by bank of own stock.
 84. Limit of liability of any person to bank.
 85. Rate of interest on loans, discounts, and .purchases.
 80. Usurious interest ; penalty for taking ; venue of suit.
 87. Restiction on use by bank of its circulating notes.
 88. Restriction on use by bank of notes of other banks.
 80. Duty of bank to receive circulating notes of other banks in pay-
 ment of debts.
 00. Depositaries of public moneys and financial agents of Government.
 01. Transfers by bank and other acts In contemplation of insolvency.
 92. Acting as insurance agent or broker; procuring loans on real
 estate.
 93. Violation of provisions of chapter; forfeiture of franchise; per-
 sonal liability of directors.
 04. Venue of suits.
 OBTAINING AND ISSUING CIRCULATING NOTES
 101. Delivery of circulating notes; deposit of bonds.
 102. " United States bonds " as including registered bonds.
 103. Denominations of notes; limitation on amount of $1 and $2 notes.
 101. Printing notes; form.
 105. Printing charter numbers on notes.
 100. Distinctive paper for printing.
 107. Custody of plates and dies; payment of expenses.
 108. Examination of plates, dies, and other material; destruction of
 obsolete material.
 109. Issuance of notes by banks; obligation; signatures of officers;
 demands for which notes shall be received.
 110. Issue by banks of unauthorized notes; prohibition.
 
 § 12
 
 
 TITLE 12.-BANKB AND BANKING
 
 REDPEMP'ION AND REPLACEMENT OF CIRCULATING NOTES
 Sec.
 121. Redemption of notes by Treasurer of United States; reserve in
 Treasury; disposition of notes unfit for use; expenses.
 122. Deposits made with Treasurer to redeem circulating notes; dispo-
 sition.
 123. Iedemplion of notes by bank at own counter.
 124. Destroying and replacing notes unfit for use.
 1251. Redemption of lost or stolen notes.
 120. Return to Treasury of notes of failed or liquidating banks for
 redemption.
 127. Clerical force for redemption of circulating notes.
 PROCIEDINGS     ON  FAILURE    OF   BANK    TO  REDEEM     CIRCU-
 I,ATING NOTES
 131. Protest of notes; waiver.
 132, Examination of conditions by special agent; forfeiture of bonds.
 133. Continuing business after default.
 134. Notice by comptroller to holders to present notes for payment;
 redemption; cancellation of bonds.
 135. Disposition of redeemed notes; perpetuation of evidence of pay-
 ment.
 130. Cancellation of redeemed notes.
 137. Sale of bonds at auction ; lien on assets.
 138. Sale of bonds at private sale.
 RESERVE CITIES; LAWFOL RESERES
 141. Central reserve and reserve cities; designation.
 142. lianks in reserve cities; reserves.
 143. Banks in Alaska and insular possessions; lawful money reserves.
 144. Certain balances counted toward rejerves In Alaska and insular
 possessions.
 145. Treasury notes.
 140. Gold and silver certificates.
 FORMATION OF ASSOCIATIONS TO ISSUE GOLD NOTES
 151. Organization of associations to issue gold notes.
 152. Lawful money reserve of associations issuing gold notesl re-
 ceiving notes of other associations.
 153. Conversion of gold banks Into currency banks.
 BANK EXAMINATIONS; REPORTS
 101. Reports to Comptroller of the Currency; publication.
 162. VerIfication of reports.
 163. Report of dividends and net earnings.
 104. Penalty for failure to make reports.
 105. Limitation of visiltorial powers.
 MISCELLANEOUS       PROVISIONS    REGARDING      UNITED    STATES
 BONDS IN RELATION TO NATIONAL BANKS
 
 '    108.
 170.
 171.
 172.
 173.
 174.
 175.
 170.
 177.
 178.
 
 Taking up bonds; return of circulation notes.
 Exchange of coupon for registered bonds.
 Transfer of bonds; manner of making.
 Registry of transferred bonds.
 Notice of transfers.
 Examinatlon of registry and bonds.
 Annual examination of bonds by associations.
 Custody of bonds and collection of Inteiest.
 Withdrawal of notes on deposit of money and        withdrawal
 of bonds.
 Amount of bonds required on deposit; reduction of amount or
 retirement in full of circulating notes.
 Withdrawal of notes on deposit of money and withdrawal of
 bonds or other securities.
 VOLUNTARY DISSOLUTION
 
 181. Voluntary dissolution.
 182. Notice of intent to dissolve.
 183. Deposit of money to redeem outstanding circulation.
 184. Exemption as to an association consolidating with another.
 185. Reassignment of bonds and redemption of notes.
 180. Destruction of redeemed notes.
 RECEIVERSIIIP
 101. General grounds for appointment of receiver.
 192. Default in payment of circulating notes.
 103. Notice to present claims.
 194. Dividends on adjusted claims; distribution of assets.
 195. Injunction by batik denying failure to redeem notes.
 00. Fees and expenses.
 197. Shareholders' meeting; continuance of recelvership; appoint-
 ment of agent; winding up business; distribution of assets.
 
 § 24
 
 Sar.
 198. Purchase by receiver of property of bank ; request to comptroller.
 1110. Approval of request.
 200. Payment.
 ORGANIZATION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS
 Section 21. Formation of national banking associations; in-
 corporators; articles of association.-Assoclatons for carrying
 ol tile business of banking under this chapter may be formed
 by any nuiriber of natural persons, not less in any case tha five.
 They shall enter into articles of association, which shall specify
 in general terms the object for which the association is formed,
 and may contain any other provisions, not Inconsistent with
 law, which the association may see fit to adopt for the regula-
 tion of its business and the conduct of its affairs. Thest, aril-
 cles shall be signed by the persons uniting to form the assoia-
 tion, and a copy of them shall be forwarded to the Comptroller
 of the Currency, to be filed and preserved in his offlce. (It. S.
 § 5133.)
 22. Organization certificate.-The persons uniting to foim
 such an association shall, under their hands, make an organi-
 zation certificate, which shall specifically state:
 First. The name nssuined by such association; which nninse
 shall be subject to the approval of the Comptroller of the Cur-
 rency.
 Second. Tie place where its operations of discount and(1 de-
 posit are to be carried on, designating the State, Territory, or
 District, and the particular county and city, town, or village.
 Third. The amount of capital stock and the number of shares
 into which the same is to be divided.
 Fourth. The names and places of residence of the share-
 holders and the number of shares held by each of them.
 Fifth. The fact that the certificate is made to enable such
 persons to avail themselves of the advantages of this chapter.
 (R. S. § 5134.)
 23. Acknowledgment and filing of certificate.-Tlie organi-
 zation certificate slll be acknowledged before a judge of some
 court of record, or notary public; and shall be, together with
 the acknowledgmnent thereof, authenticated by tile seal of such
 court, or notary, transmitted to the Comptroller of the Cur-
 rency, who shall record nnd carefully preserve tile sam1e ll his
 office. (11. S. J 5135.)
 24. Corporate powers of associations.-Upon duly ining
 and filing articles of association and an organization certificate
 a national banking association shall become, as fron the dale
 of the execution of its organization certificate, a body cor-
 porate, and as such, and In the ntmne designated in the orgam-
 ization certificate, it shall have power-
 First. To adopt and use a corporate seal.
 Second. To have succession until ninety-nine years from July
 1, 1922, or from the date of its organization if orglized after
 July 1, 1922, unless It shall be sooner di.solved by the act or
 its shareholders owning two-thirds of Its stock, or unless Its
 franchise shall become forfeited by reason of violation of law,
 or unless it shall be terminated by Act of Convress hereafter
 enac ted.
 Third. To niake contracts.
 Fourth. To sie and be sued, complaini and ldefend, ia any
 court of law and equity, as fully as natural persons.
 Fifth. To elect or appoint directors, and by its board of
 directors to appoint a president, vice president, casllier, and
 other officers, define their duties, require bonds of them and fix
 the penalty thereof, dismiss such officers or any of then at
 pleasure, and appoint others to fill their places.
 Sixth. To prescribe, by its board of directors, by-laws not
 inconsistent with law, regulating the manner in which its stock
 shall be transferred, its directors elected or appolhled, its oill-
 cers appointed, its property transferred, its general busines
 
 250
 
 
 TITLE 12.-BAN1KS AND BANKING
 
 conducted, and the privileges granted to it by law exercised
 and enjoyed.
 Seventh. To exercise by its board of directors, or duly author-
 ized officers or agents, subject to law, all such incidental powers
 as shall be necessary to carry on the business of banking; by
 discounting and negotiating promissory notes, drafts, bills of
 exchange, find other evidences of debt; by receiving deposits;
 by buying and selling exchange, coin, and bullion; by loaning
 money on personal security ; and by obtaining, issuing, azld eir-
 culating notes according to the provisions of this chapter.
 But no asoclatlon shall transact any business except such
 as is Incihlentnl and necessarily preliminary to its organization,
 until It has been authorized by the Comptroller of the Currency
 to comnnmence the business of banking. (I. S. § 5130; July 1,
 1922, c. 257, § 1, 42 Stat. 767.)
 25. Repeal of Acts relating to extension of period of cor-
 porate huccession; operation of paragraph 2 of preceding see-
 tion.-Ali Acts or parts of Acts providing for the extension of
 the period of suecession of national banking associations for
 twenty years are repealed as of July 1, 1922, and the provi-
 sions of paragraph second of the preceding section shall apply
 to all national banking associations now organized and operat-
 Ing under any law of the United States. (July 1, 1922, c. 257,
 § 2, 42 Stat. 767.)
 26. Comptroller to determine if associations can commence
 business.-Whenever a certificate is transmitted to the Comip-
 troller of the Currency, as provided in this chapter, and the
 association transmitting the same notifies the comptroller
 that at least 50 per centuma of its capital stock has been duly
 paid In, and that such association has complied with a' the
 provisions of this chapter required to be complied with before
 an association shall be authorized to commence the business of
 banking, the comptroller shall examine into the condition of
 such association, ascertain especially the amount of money
 paid in on account of its capital, the name and place of rest-
 dence of each of its directors, and the amount of the capital
 stock of which each is the owner In good faith, and generally
 whether such association has complied with all the provisions
 of this chapter required to entitle it to engage in the business
 of banking; and shall cause to be made and attested by the
 oaths of a majority of the directors, and by the president or
 cashier of the association, a statement of all the facts neces-
 sary to enable the comptroller to determine whether the asso-
 ciation Is lawfully entitled to commence the business of
 banking. (R. S. § 5108.)
 27. Certificate of authority to commence banking.-If, upon
 a careful examination of the facts so reported, and of any other
 facts which may come to the knowledge of the comptroller,
 whether by means of a special commission appointed by him
 for the purpose of Inquiring into the condition of such associa-
 tion, or otherwise, it appears that such association is lawfully
 entitled to commence time business of banking, the comptroller
 shall give to such association a certificate, under his hand
 and ollicial seal, that such association has complied with all
 the provisions required to be complied with before commencing
 tile business of banking, and that such association is author-
 Ized to commence such business. But the comptroller may
 withhold front an association his certificate authorizing the
 commencement of business, whenever he has reason to sup-
 pose that the shareholders have formed the same for any other
 than the legitimate objects contemplated by this chapter.
 (R. S. § 5101.)
 28. Publication of certificate.-The association shall cause
 the certificate issued under the preceding section to be pub.
 lished in solne newspaper printed in the city or county where
 tile association Is located, for at least sixty days next after
 the Issuing thereof; or, if no newspaper is published in such
 
 city or county, then In the newspaper published nearest thereto.
 (R. S. § 5170.)
 29. Power to hold real property.-A national banking asso-
 elation may purchase, hold, and convey real estate for the
 following purposes, and, excepting as provided otherwise in
 section 371 of this title, for no others:
 First. Such as shall be necessary for its immediate acconi-
 modation in the transaction of its business.
 Second Such as shall be mortgaged to it In good faith by
 way of security for debts previously contracted.
 Third. Such as shall be conveyed to it in satisfaction of
 debts previously contracted in the course of its dealings.
 Fourth. Such as it shall purchase at sales under judgnments,
 decrees, or mortgages held by the association, or shall pur-
 chase to secure debts due to it.
 But no such association shall hold the possession of any
 real estate under mortg'ige, or ti title and possession of any
 real estate purchased to secure any debts due to it, for a
 longer period than five years. (R. S. § 5137.)
 30. Change of name or location.--Any nationil bamking
 association many change its niamne or the place where its opera-
 tions of discount and deposit are to be carried on, to any other
 place within the same State, not more than thirty miles dis-
 tant with the approval of the Comptroller of the Currency,
 by the vote of shareholders owning two-thirds of the stock
 of such association. A duly authenticated notice of the vote
 and of the new name or location selected shall be sent to the
 office of the Comptroller of the Currency; but no change of
 namne or location slall be valid until tme comptroller slall
 have issued his certificate of approval of the same. (May 1,
 1880, c. 73, § 2, 24 Stat. 18.)
 31. Rights and liabilities as affected by change of name.-
 All debts, liabilities, rights, provisions, and powers of tie
 association under Its old name slil devolve upon and inure
 to the association under its new name. (May 1, 1886, c. 73,
 § 3, 24 Stat. 19.)
 32. Liabilities and suits as affected by change of name or
 location.-Nothilng contained In tile two preceding sections slall
 be so construed as in any manner to release iny national
 banking association under its old name or at its old location
 from any liability, or affect any action or proccding in law
 in which said association may be or become it party or inter-
 ested. (May 1, 188, c. 73, § 4, 24 Stat. 19.)
 33. Consolidation of banks; capital stock; dissenting share-
 holders.-Any two or more national banking associations lo-
 cated within the same county, city, town, or village way, with
 the approval of the Comptroller of the Currency, consolidate
 into one association under the charter of either existing banks,
 on such terms and conditions as may be lawfully agreed upon
 by a majority of the board of directors of each association
 proposing to consolidate, and be ratified and confirmed by the
 affiriative vote of the shareholders of each such association
 owning at least two-tirds of its capital stock outstanding,
 at a meeting to lie held on the call of the directors after
 publishing notice of the time, place, and object of the meetiug
 for'four consecutive weeks In some newspaper published in
 the place where the said association is located, and if no
 newspaper is published in the place, then in a paper pub-
 lished nearest thereto, and after sending such notice to each
 shareholder of record by registered mail at least ten days
 prior to said meeting: P'rovidcd, That the capital stock of
 such consolidated association shall not be less than that re-
 quired under existing law for the organization of a national
 bank in the place in which it is located: And provided further,
 That when such consolidation shall have been effected and
 approved by tme comptroller any shareholder of either of the
 associations so consolidated who has not voted for such con-
 
 § 25
 
 260
 
 
 TITLE 12.-BANKS AND BANKING
 
 solidation may give notice to the directors of the association
 in which he is interested within twenty days from the date of
 the certificate of approval of the comptroller that he dissents
 from tile plan of consolidation as adopted and approved, where-
 upon he shall be entitled to receive the value of the shares
 so held by him, to be ascertainel by an appraisal made by a
 committee of three persons, one to be selected by the shnre-
 iohier, one by the directors, and #le third by the two so
 chosen; and iii' case the value so fixed shall not be satl3-
 factory to the shareholder he may within five days after being
 notified of the appraisal appeal to the Comptroller of the Cuc-
 rency, who shall cause a reappraisal to be made, which slall
 he linl and binding; and If said reappraisal shall exceed
 the value fixed by said committee, the bank slall pay the
 expenses of the reappraisal; otherwise the appellant shall
 pay said expenses, and the value so ascertained and deter-
 mined shall be deemed to be a debt due and be forthwith
 paid to said shareholder from said bank, and the share so paid1
 shall be surrendered and after due notice sold at public auc-
 tion within thirty days after the final appraisement provided
 for in this section. (Nov. 7, 1918, e. 209, § 1, 40 Stat. 1043A
 34. Effect of consolidation on rights and liabilities.--Assocla-
 tions consolidating with another association under the pro-
 visions of the preceding section shalli not te required to de-
 posit lawful money for their outstanding circulation, but
 their assets and liabilities shall be reported by the assocla-
 tiou with which they have consolidated. And ill the rights,
 franchises, and Interests of the said national bank so con-
 soli(lltcd lin and to every species of property, personal and
 mixed, and choses In action thereto belonging, shall be decme:J
 to lie transferred to and vested In such national bank Into
 whlch it is consolidated without any deed or other transfer,
 and the said consolidated natioal bank shall hol and enjoy
 the same and all rights of property, franchl9es, and Interests
 In the same manner and to the same extent as was held and
 enjoyed by the national bank so consolidated therewith. (Nov
 7, 1918, c. 209, § 2, 40 Stat. 10-14.)
 35. Organization of State banks as national banking asso-
 ciations.-Any bank incorporated by special law of any State
 or of tle United States or organized under the general laws of
 any State or of the United States and having an unhnpaired
 capital suilicient to entitle It to become a national banking
 association under the provisions of the existing laws may, by
 the vote of the shareholders owning not less than 51 per centain
 of the capital stock of such bank or banking association, with
 the approval of the Comptroller of the Currency be converted
 Into a national banking association, with lilly name approved
 by the Comptroller of the Currency: Providcd, however,
 That sald conversion shall not be In contravention of the
 State law. In such case the articles of association and
 organization certificate may lie executed by a majority
 of the directors of the bank or banking institution. and
 tie certificate shall declare that the owners of 51 per centumn
 of the capital stock have authorized the directors to make
 such certilicate and to change or convert the bank or bank-
 ing Institution Into a national asociation. A majority of
 the directors, ifter executing the articles of assoclatilon and the
 organization certificate, shall have power to execute all other
 papers and to do whatever may be required to make Its organi-
 zation perfect and complete as a national association. The
 shares of lilly such bank may continue to be for the same
 amount each as they were bfore tie conversion, and the (irec-
 tors may continue to be directors of the association until others
 are elected or appointed In accordance with the provisions of
 tie statutes of the United States. When the comptroller has
 give to such bank or banking association a certificate that tile
 provisions of this chapter have been compiled with, suell batik
 or banking association, and all Its stockholders, officers, and
 
 employees, s1ll have tihe same powers and privileges, and
 shall be subject to tile same duties, liabilities, and regulations,
 In all respects, as shall have been prescribed by this and the
 following ciapter for associations originally organized as na-
 tional banking associations. (R. S. § 5154; Dec. 23, 1913, c. 0,
 § 8, 38 Stat. 258.)
 36. Organization of State banks having branches as na-
 tional banking associations.-It shall be lawful for any bank
 or banking association organized under State laws, and having
 branches, the capital beling Joint and assigled to nnd used by lhe
 mother bank and branclhes in definite proportions, to become it
 national banking association in conformity with existilng laws,
 amtd to retain and keep In operation Its branches, or such one or
 niore of them as It may elect to retain ; the amount of the cireu-
 lation releeimible lit the mother batik, an]d eacl hr:llh, to be
 regulated by tie amount of capital assigned t. and used by each.
 (It. S. § 5155.)
 37. Associations governed by chapter.-The provisions of
 this chapter, which are expressed without restrictive words, as
 applying to "natlona'l banking associations," or to "assocla-
 tions," apply to all associations organized to carry on the
 business of banking under any Act of Congress. (It. S. A
 5157.)
 38. "The National Bank Act."-The Act entitled "An Act to
 provide it national currency secured by a pledge of Unihtd
 States bonds, and to provide for the circulation amnd redemption.
 thereof," approed June 3, 1864, shall be known as "Tile
 National Bank Act.' (June 20, 1874, c. 343, § 1, 18 Stat. 123.)
 39. Reservation of rights of associations organized tinder
 Act of 1863.-Noting In tills chapter shall affect tiny appofint-
 meats made, acts done, or proceedings had or comm leed prior
 to tile 3d day of June, 1864, in or toward the organization of
 any national banking association under tile Act of February 25,
 1863; but all associations which, on the 3d day of June, 18(14,
 were organized or commenced to be organized undcr that Act,
 shall enjoy till the rights and privileges granted, and be sulject
 to all the duties, liabilities, and restrictions Imposed by this
 chapter, notwlthstandling all the steps pre.scribed by this chap-
 ter for tile organization of asscilations were not pursued, It
 such associations were duly organized untler that Act. (It. S.
 § 515(1.)
 CAI'ITAJL, STOCK, AND STOCEIIOLDERS
 51. Requisite amount of capital.-No associatlon shall be or-
 ganized with a less capital than $100,000, except that banks
 with a capital of not less than $50,000 may, with the alpproval
 of the Secretary of the Treasury, be organized In auy place tie
 population of which does not exceed six thousand inhabitanlts,
 and except that banks with a capital of not Iss than $25,000
 mlly, with tile sanction of the Secretary of the Treasury, le
 organized in lilly place the polulation of wlich does not exceed
 three thousand Inhabitants. No association shall be organized
 in a city the population of which exceeds fifty thousand ier-
 sons with a capital of less than $200,000. (It. S. § 5138; Mar.
 14, 1900, c. 41, § 10, 31 Stltt. 48.)
 52. Par value and incidents of stock; transfer of shares.-
 The capital stock of each association shall be dlvile(d into
 shares of $100 each, and be deemed personal property, and
 transferable on tile books of the association ill such mlanner 118
 may be prescribed in ile by-laws or artlcles of assocition.
 Every person becoming a shareholder by such trumsfer shall,
 In proportion to his shares, succeed to till the riglts and hilabill-
 ties of tile prior holder of such shares; and no change shall
 be made it tile articles of associlatin by which tile riglit.4,
 remedies, or Pmcurlty of tIhe existing creditors of tile association
 shall be impaired. (1t. S. § 5130.)
 53. When capital stock paid in; installments; proof.-At
 least 50 per centum of the clliltal stock of every asmsociation
 
 § 53
 
 
 TITLE 12.-DANK8 AND BANKING
 
 shall be paid in before it shall be authorized to commence
 business; ind the remainder of the capital stock of such asso-
 ciation slall be paid il inistallitent of at least 10 per centum
 each, oil tlhe whole amount of the capital, as frequently as one
 instaillmehnt at til end of each succeeding mollth from the time
 it ,;hall be authorized by the Comiptroller of the Currency to
 commiience business; and the payment of each installment
 shall lie certified to the comptroller, under oath, by the presi-
 dent or cashier of the association. (R. S. § 5140.)
 54. Failure to pay installments; remedy; effect if reduction
 of capital results.-Wheniever any shareholder, or his assignee,
 fails to pay any Installent oil the stock when the same is
 required by tie preceding section to be paid, the directors of
 such association may sell the stock of such delinquent share-
 holder lIt public auction, having given tihnee wbeks' previous
 notice thereof il a newspaper published find of general circu-
 Intion in the city or couhty where the association is located,
 or, If no newspaper is published lit said city or couity, then
 il a newspaper l)ubllihed nearest thereto, to any person who
 will pity the highest price therefor, to 'be not less than the
 amount then dtie thereon, with til expenses of advertisement
 and sale; and the excess, if any, shall i paid to the delinquent
 slhr rlIder. If no bidder can be found who will pity for such
 stock tile aioullt (liue thereon to tile associationl, and the cost
 of advertisement and sale, the iaiount previously paid shall
 be forfeited to the assoclation, find such stock shall be sold as
 tie directors way order, within six months fronl the time
 of such forfeiture, aind if not sold it shall ie canceled and de-
 dueled from tile capital stock of the association. If any such
 cancellation and reduction slall reduce the capital of the asso-
 elation below tile minimn of capital required by law, the
 capital stock shall, within tlhirty days from the date of such
 cancellation, be increased to tile required amount; 1il default
 of which a receiver may be appointed, according to the pro-
 visions of section 192 of tills title, to close up the business of
 the associlation. (It. S. § 5141.)
 55. Enforcing payment of deficiency in capital stock; assess-
 ments; liquidation; receivership.-Every association which
 shall have failed to pity up its capital stock, as required by law,
 and every association whose capital stock shall have become
 impaired by losses or otherwise, shall, within three months
 after receiving notice thereof fron the Comptroller of the Cur-
 rency, pay the deficiency i the capital stock, by assessment
 upon the sharelolders pro rata for the anlount of capital stock
 held by each; and the T'easurer of the United States shall
 withhohl the interest upon all bonds held by lim li trust for
 fifty such nssocilation, upon notIliiction from tile Comptroller
 of the Currency, until otherwise notified by him. If any such
 association shall fail to pay up its capital stock, and shall
 refuso to go Into liquidation, as provided by law, for three
 iolltis after receiving notice from the comptroller, a receiver
 may be appoilted to close up tie business of tile association,
 according to the provisions of section 192 of this title. And
 provided, That if ally slareholder or shareholders of such bank
 shall neglect or refuse, after three ulonths' notice, to pay the
 assessment, as provided il this section, It siall be the duty of
 the board of directors to cause a sufficient amount of the capital
 stock of such shareholder or shareholders to he sold at public
 auction (after thirty days' notice shll be given by posting
 such notice of sale in the office of the bank, anid by publishing
 such notice ill a newspaper of the city or town In which the
 bank Is located, or in 1a newspaper published nearest thereto),
 to inake good the deficiency, a1nd the balance, if any, siall be
 returned to such delinquent shareholder or sharelollers. (1.
 S. § 5205; June 30, 1870, c. 150, § 4, 19 Stat. 64.)
 56. Prohibition oil withdrawal of capital; unearned divi-
 dends.-No associatlon, or any ilemuber thereof, shall, during
 the time it shall continue its banking operations, withdraw, or
 
 permit to be withdrawn, either In the form of dividends or
 otherwise, any portion of its capital. If losses have at any
 time been sustained by any such association, equal to or ex-
 ceeding its undivided profits then on hand, no dividend shall be
 made; and no dividend shall ever be made by any association,
 while it continues its banking operations, to an amount greater
 than its net profits then on hand, deducting therefrom its losses
 and bad debts. All debts due to any associations, on which
 interest is past due and unpaid for a period of six months,
 unless the same are well secured, and iln process of collection,
 shall be considered bad debts within the meaning of this sec-
 tion. But nothijg in this section shall prevent tile reduction of
 the capital stock of the association unler section 50 of this
 title. (R. S. § 5204.)
 57. Increase of capital by provision in articles of associa-
 tion.-Any association formed under this chapter may, by its
 articles of association, provide for an increase of its capital
 front time- to tlhae, as may be deemed expedient, subject to
 tile limitations of this chapter. But the nilximnuml of such il-
 crease to be provided in the articles of association shall be do-
 termined by the Comptroller of the Currency; and no increase
 of capital shall be valid until the whole amount of such increase
 is paid it, and notice thereof has been transmitted to time
 Comptroller of the Currency, and his certificate obtained speci-
 fying the amount of such increase of capital stock, with his
 approval thereof, and that it has been duly paid in as part
 of the capital of such association. (R. S. § 5142.)
 58. Increase of capital by vote of shareholders.-Any jil-
 tional banking association may, with the approval of the
 Comptroller of the Curr rncy, by the vote of shareholders own-
 Ing two-thirds of the stock of such association, increase Its
 capital stock, in accordance with existing laws, to any sum
 approved by .the said comptroller, notwithstanding the lilit
 fixed il its original articles of association aind determined by
 said comptroller; and no lncreas', of the capital stock of any
 national banking association either withl or beyond the limit
 fixed in its original articles of association shall be made except
 il tie mannler herein provided. (May 1, 1880, c. 73, § 1, 24
 Stat. 18.)
 59. Reduction of capital by vote of shareholders.-Any asso-
 ciation formed under this clapter may, by tie vote of share-
 holders owning two-thirds of its capital stock, reduce its capi-
 tal to lilty sumn not below the amount required by this chapter
 to authorize tie formation of assoviations; but no such reduc-
 tion shall be allowable which will reduce the capital of the
 association below the amnount requli:cd for its outstanding cir-
 culation, nor siall any reduction be made until the amount of
 the proposed reduction has been reported to the Comptroller
 of the Currency and such reduction has been approved by the
 said Comptroller of the Currency and by the Federal Reserve
 Board. (R. S. § 5143; Dec. 23, 1913, c. 6, § 28, 38 Stat. 274.)
 60. Dividends and surplus funds.--The directors of any asso-
 elation may, semiannually, declare a dividend of so much of
 the net profits of the association as they shall judge expedient;
 liut each association Jilall, before the declaration of a dividend,
 carry one-tenth part of its net profits of the preceding lf
 year to its surplus flnd until the same siall amount to 20
 per centum of its capital stock. (R. S. § 5199.)
 61. Right of shareholders to vote.-In all elections of direc-
 tors, ald in deciding all questions at meetings of shareholders,
 each siareholler shall be entitled to one vote on each share
 of stock held by him. Shareholders may vote by proxies duly
 authorized in writing; but no officer, clerk, teller, or bookkeeper
 of such association slall act as proxy; and no slareholder whose
 liabitty is past due ind unpaid siall be allowed to vote. (It. S.
 § 514-1.)
 62. List of shareholders.-The president and cashier of
 every national banking association shall cause to be kept at all
 
 § 54
 
 
 'ITLE, 12.-BANKS AND BANKING
 
 times a full and correct list of the names and residences of all
 the shareholders in the association, and the number of shares
 held by each, in the ofilco where Its business is trausacted.
 Such list shall be subject to the inspection of all tile share-
 holders and creditors of the association, all tle officers author-
 ized to assess taxes under State authority, during business
 hours of each day in which business may be legally tr tnsacted.
 A copy of such list, on the first Monday of July of each year,
 verified by the oath of such president or cashier, shall be
 transmitted to the Comptroller of the Currency. (It. S. §
 5210.)
 63. Individual liability of sharcholders.-The shareholders of
 every national banking association shall be held individually
 responsible, equally and ratably, and not one for another, for
 all contracts, debts, and engagements of such association, to
 the extent of the amount of their btock therein, at the par value
 thereof, in addition to the amount invested in such shares;
 except that slreholders of any banking association now exist-
 Ing under State laws, having not less than $5,000,000 of capital
 actually paid in, and a surplus of 20 per centum on hand, both
 to be determined by the Comptroller of the Currency, shall be
 liable only to the amount invested in their shares; and such
 surplus of 20 per centuin shall be kept undiminished, and be in
 addition to the surplus provided for lit this chapter; and if at
 any time there Is a deficiency in such surplus of 20 per cntun,
 such association shall not pay any dividends to its shareholders
 until the dellciency Is made good ; and in case of such defleleacy,
 the Comptroller of the Currency may compel the association to
 close Its business and wind ilt its affairs under tie provisions
 of this chapter relating to dissolution and receivership. (It. 8.
 § 5151.)
 64. Individval liability of shareholders; transfer of shares.-
 The stoelcholdtrs of every national banking association lall
 be held individually responsible for all contracts, debts, and
 engagemlent of such association, each to the aniount of hia
 stock therein, at the par value thereof  li addtion to tie
 anount invested in such stock. Ti stocklolders lit any na-
 tional banking association who shall have transferred their
 shares or registered the transfer thereof within sixty days
 next before tile date of tile failure of such association to neet
 Its obligations, or with knowledge of such iapending failure,
 siall be liable to the santo extent as if they had made no
 such transfer, to the extent that the subsequent transferee
 fails to meet such liability; but this provision slhall not be
 construed to affect in any way any recourse which such
 shareholders might otherwise have against those in whose
 names such shares are registered at the time of such failure.
 (Dee. 23, 1913, c. 0, § 23, 38 Stat. 273.)
 65. Enforcement of shareholders' individual liability by
 creditors on liquidation.-Wheu any national banking associa-
 tion shall have gone Into liquidation under the provisions of
 section 181 of thls title, the Individual liability of the share-
 holders provided for by section 63 of this title may he enforced
 by any creditor of such association, by bill in eq(ity, In tile
 nature of a creditor's bill, brought by suell creditor on belalf
 of himself and of all other creditors of the association, against
 the slareholders thereof, i any court of the United States
 avinlg original jurisdiction In equity for the district in which
 such association may have been locatted or established. (June
 30, 1876, c. 156, § 2, 19 Stat. 63.)
 66. Personal liability of representatives of stockholders.-
 Persons iolding stock its executors, admilniqtra tors, guardians,
 or trustees, shall not be personally subject to any liabilities
 ns stockholders; but the estates and funds in their hands shall
 be liable in like manner and to tle same extent as the testator,
 Intestate, ward, or person interested In such tru'it fluds would
 be, if living and competent to act and hold the stock in his own
 naume. (H. S. 1 6152.)
 
 DIRECTORS
 71. Electlon.-The affairs of each assoeiatlon shall be nna-
 aged by not less than five directors, who slill be elected by
 the slreholders at it meeting to be held at tiny title before
 tile association is autIrized by the Comlptroller of tile Cur-
 rency to comlmence the busines of bal.ing; and afterword
 fit meetings Io le lld oll such day  in 1 January of elch year
 as Is specified tierefor in file articles of is~oclatlon. Tihe dhirec-
 tors shall ]1o1l office for oe year, and until their successors tire
 elected and have quallfied. (it. S. § 5145.)
 72. Qualifications.-Every tlireetor must, during his wlole
 term of service, lie a citizen (if the United Stutes, un( tit least
 three-fourtls of tile directors tmust have resided i the State,
 'crritory, or District in which the association is locaited, or
 within fifty miles of tie location of the office (f the associltion,
 for lit least 01e year imlaledialiely prec(ding their election, 1itid
 must he residents of such State or withli it fifty-aille territory
 of lie location of the association ding tiir continlnuice lit
 office. Every director lust own in ilis own right lit least tel
 shres of the capital stock of the assoc mitioi of which lie is it
 director, unless tile capital of the bank shall not exceed $25,000,
 ini which case lie must own in his own right lt least I ve slares
 of such capital stock. Any director wlo ceases to be the
 owner of the required nunber of shares of the stock, or who
 becomes im aily other n niiner disqualified, shall thereby vacate
 ils place. (11. S. § 5146; Feb. 28, 1905, c. 1163, 33 Stat. 818;
 Mar. 1, 1921, e. 100, 4l Stat. 1100.)
 73. Oatih.-Each director, when appointed or elected, shall
 take anl oath tlat lie will, so far as the duty (evolves on 1111n,
 diligently ld llonestly administer the affairs of such as-ocia-
 tion, and will not knowingly violate or willingly lermiit to be
 violated any of the provisions of this title, and thlat he Is tim
 owner it good faith, nad in his own right, of the numner of
 shares of stock required by this title, subscribed by hin, or
 standing in his name on tie books of the association, and that
 tile sa11e is not 'lypotliecated, or in arty way pledged, is siecurity
 for tiny loan or debt. Tile oath silill be taken before a notary
 public, properly authorized and comnnnnlsloned by tile State it
 which lie resiles, or before any otier officer having an offilclial
 seal and atthorized by the State to admnilster oaths, except
 that the oath shall not be tf.kcn before nay sueh notary public
 or other officer who is an offlicer of t1e director's hank. Tie
 oath, subscribed by the director inaking it, and certiled by the
 notary public or other officer before wloun it is taken, shall be
 immediately transiitted to the Comptroller of the Currency
 and shall be filed and preservedll iis office for Ii period of tell
 years. (1. S. A 5147; Feb. 20, 1925, c. 274, 43 Stat. V5.)
 74. Vacancics.-Any vacncy i the board shall be fillt by
 appoinetmnt by the renmining directors, and(] any director so
 appointed shall hold his place until the next et(celon. (Ot. S.
 § 5148.)
 75. Proceedings where no election held on proper day.-If,
 fromn any cause, an election of directors Is not m(e lit tlhe tiara1
 aippointe(, the assoclittlon shall not for that cau,;c lie dissolved,
 but all election may be leld 1nIt any 1ubiseliqlint (111Y, tIlrlty days'
 notice thereof in all cases having bc(.n given in it lewspaper
 published in the city. town, or county il which tile as.-wivilitol
 Is located ; and if n newspaper Is published in sulch city, tow'l,
 or eoUlity, such notice slt11 ibe publisled in a nevspaiper 1ill)-
 lishled nearest thcreto. If the lrtcl(is of associatilon do not fix
 the (lay on which the eletion shall be held, or if no election Is
 held (Iin the (ily fixed, the day for tie electlon shall lie desig-
 Ilnated by the board of directors in their by-laws, or othiirwlse
 or if the directors fall to fix the (day, sharehoders rlirvellling
 two-thirds of the shars 111113 do go. (It. S. § 5149.)
 76. Election of president of board.-One of tme directors, to
 be chosen by the board, s1ll be the president of the board.
 (R. S. § 5150.)
 
 263
 
 § 76
 
 
 TITLE 12.-BANKS AND BANKING
 
 REGULATION OF THIE BANKING BUSINESS; POWERS
 AND DUTIES OF NATIONAL BANKS
 81. Place of business.-Tle usual business of each national
 banking association shall be transacted at an office or banking
 house located i the place specified in Its organization certificate.
 (II. S. § 5100:)
 82. Limit on indebtedness incurred by bank.-No national
 banking association shall at any time be Indebted, or in any
 way liable, to an amount exceeding the amount of its capital
 stock at such time actually paid In and remahiing undiminished
 by losses or otherwise, except on account of demands of the
 nature following:
 First. Notes of circulation.
 Second. Moneys deposited with or collected by the association.
 Third. Bils of exchange or drafts drawn against money
 actually on deposit to the credit of the association, or due
 thereto.
 Fourth. Liabilities to the stockholders of the association for
 dividends and reserve profits.
 Fifth. Liabilities incurred under the provisions of chapter 3.
 Sixth. Liabilities incurred under the provisions of chapter 10,
 of Title 15, COMMMCE AND TRADE.
 Seventh. Liabilities created by the indorsement of accepted
 bills of exchange payable abroad actually owned by the in-
 dorsing bank and discounted at home or abroad.
 Eighth. Liabilities incurred under the provisions of sections
 1031-1034 of this title. (R. S. § 5202; Dec. 23, 1013, c. 0, § 13,
 88 Stat. 264; Sept. 7, 1910, c. 401, 39 Stat. 753; Apr. 5, 1918,
 c. 45, § 20, 40 Stat. 512; Oct. 22, 1919, c. 79, § 2, 41 Stat. 297;
 Mar. 4, 1923, c. 252, Title V, § 504, 42 Stat. 1481.)
 83. Loans on or purchase by bank of own stock.--No asso-
 ciation shall make any loan or discount on the security of the
 shares of its own capital stock, nor be the purchaser or holder
 of any such shares, unless such security or purchase shall be
 necessary to prevent loss upon a debt previously contracted in
 good faith; and stock so purchased or acquired shall, within
 six months from the time of its purchase, be sold or disposed of
 at public or private sale; or, in default thereof, a receiver may
 be appointed to close up the business of the association, accord-
 ing to section 192 of this title. (R. S. § 5201.)
 84. Limit of liability of any person to bank.--The total lia-
 bilities to any association of any person or of any company,
 corporation, or firm for money borrowed, including In the lia-
 bilities of a company or finn the liabilities of the several nien-
 bers thereof, shall at no time exceed 10 per centum of the
 amount of the capital stock of such association, actually paid
 in and unimpaired, and 10 per centum of Its unimpaired sur-
 plus fund: Provided, however, That (1) the discount of bills
 of exchange drawn in good faith against actually existing
 values, including drafts and bills of exchange secured by ship-
 ping documents conveying or securing title to goods shipped,
 and including demand obligations when secured by documents
 covering commodities In actual process of shipment, and also
 Including bankers' acceptance of the kinds described in section
 346, (2) the discount of conmmercial or business paper actually
 owned by the person, company, corporation, or firm negotiating
 the same, (3) the discount of notes secured by shipping docu-
 ments, warehouse receipts or other such documents conveying
 or securing title covering readily marketable nonperishable
 staples, including livestock, when the actual market value of
 the property securing the obligation Is not at any time less
 than 115 per centum of the face amount of the notes secured
 by such documents and when such property is fully covered
 by insurance, and (4) the discount of any note or notes se-
 cured by not less than a like face amount of bonds or notes
 of the United States Issued since April 24, 1917, or certificates
 of indebtedness of the United States, shall not be considered
 
 as money borrowed within the meaning of this section. The
 total liabilities to any asso ,ation, of any person or of any
 corporation, or firm, or company, or the several members
 thereof upon any note or notes purchased or discounted by such
 association and secured by bonds, notes, or certificates of In-
 debtedness as described in C4) hereof shall not exceed (except
 to the extent permitted by rules and regulations prescribed by
 the Comptroller of the Currency, with the approval of the
 Secretary of the Treasury) 10 per centumn of such capital
 stock and surplus fund of such association and the total Ha-
 blilties to any association of any person or of any corporation,
 or firm, or company, or the Feveral members thereof for money
 borrowed, including the liabilities upon notes secured in the
 manner described under (3) hereof, except transactions (1),
 (2), and (4), shall not at any thne exceed 25 per centurn of
 the amount of the association's paid-in and unimpaired capital
 stock and surplus. The exception made under (3) hereof shall
 not apply to the notes of any one person, corporation or firm
 or coml)any, or the several members thereof for more than six
 months in any consecutive twelve months. (R. S. § 5200, June
 22, 1900, c. 3516, 34 Stat. 451; Sept. 24, 1918, c. 176, § 6, 40
 Stat. 907; Oct. 22, 1919, c. 79, § 1, 41 Stat. 290.)
 " Bonds" as Incliding notes issued under Victory Liberty Loan
 Act.-See section 753(d) of Title 31, MoNDY AND FINANe.
 * 85. Rate of interest on loans, discounts and purchases.-
 Any association may take, receive, reserve, and charge on any
 loan or discount made, or upon any note, bill of exchange, or
 other evidences of debt, interest at the rate allowed by the
 laws of the State, Territory, or District where the bank Is
 located, and no more, except that where by the laws of any
 State a different rate is limited for banks of issue org:tnized
 under State laws, the rate so limited shall be allowed for asso-
 ciations organized or existing in any such State under this
 title. When no rate is fixed by the laws of the State, or Terri-
 tory, or District, the bank may take, receive, reserve, or charge
 a rate not exceeding 7 per centum, and such interest may be
 taken in advance, reckoning the days for which the note, hill,
 of other evidence of debt has to run. And the purchase, dis-
 count, or sale of a bona fide bill of exchange, payable at an-
 other place than the place of such purchase, discount, or stile,
 at not more than the current rate of exchange for sight drafts
 in addition to the interest, shall not be considered as taking or
 receiving a greater rate of interest. (R. S. § 5197.)
 86. Usurious interest; penalty for taking; venue of suit.-
 The taking, receiving, reserving, or charging a rate of interest
 greater than is allowed by the preceding section, when know-
 ingly done, shall be deemed a forfeiture of the entire interest
 which the note, bill, or other evidence of debt carries with it,
 or which has been agreed to be paid thereon. In case the
 greater rate of interest has been paid, the person by whom it
 has been paid, or his legal representatives, may recover back,
 in an action In the nature of an action of debt, twice the
 amount oA tie interest thus pid from the association taking
 or receiving the same: Provided, That such action is com-
 menced -within two years from the time the usurious transac-
 tion occurred. (R. S. § 5108.)
 87. Restriction on use by bank of its circulating notes.-
 No association shall, either directly or Indirectly, pledge or
 hypothecate any of its notes of circulation, for the purpose of
 procuring money to be paid in on its capital stock, or to be
 used in its banking operations, or otherwise; nor shall any
 association use its circulating notes, or any part thereof, in
 any manner or form, to create or increase its capital stock.
 (R. S. § 5203.)
 88. Restriction on use by bank of notes of other banks.-No
 association shall at any time pay out on loans or discounts, or
 in purchasing drafts or bills of exchange, or in payment of
 
 § 81
 
 
 TITLE 1.-BANKS AND BANKING
 
 deposits, or in any other mode pay or put in circulation, the
 notes of any bank or banking association which are not, at
 any such time, receivable, at par, on deposit, and in payment
 of debts by the association so paying out or circulating such
 notes; nor shall any association knowingly pay out or put in
 circulation any notes issued by any bank or banking associa-
 tion which at tie time of such paying out or putting in circula-
 tion Is not redeeming its circulating notes in lawful money of
 the United -States. (I. S. § 5200.)
 89. Duty of bank to receive circulating notes of other banks
 in payment of debts.-Every national banking association
 formed or existing under this chapter, shall take and receive
 at par, for any debt or liability :o it, any and all notes or bills
 issued by any lawfully organized national banking association.
 But this provision shall not apply to any association organized
 for the purpose of issuing notes payable in gold. (It. S. §
 5100.)
 90. Depositaries of public moneys and financial agents of
 Government.-All national banking associations, designated for
 that purpose by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be deposi-
 taries of public money, under such regulations as may be pre-
 scribed by the Secretary; and they may also be employed as
 financial agents of the Government; and they shall perform all
 such reasonable duties, as depositaries of public money and
 financial agents of tile Government, as may be required of
 them. Tie Secretary of the Treasury shall require the asso-
 ciations thus designated to give satisfactory security, by the de-
 posit of United States bonds and othtrwise, for the safe-keeping
 and prompt payment of tie public money deposited with tll't,
 and for the faithful performance of their duties as financial
 agents of the Governent: Provided, That tile Secretary shall,
 on or before the 1st of January of each year, make a public
 statement of the securities required during tliaL year for such
 deposits. And every association so designated as receiver or
 depositary of the public money slall take and receive at par
 all of the national currency bills, by whatever association Is-
 sued, which have been paid Into the Government for internal
 revenue, or for loans or stocks: Provided, ''mt the Secretary
 of the Treasury shall distribute tIle deposits herein provided
 for, its far as practicable, equitably between the different States
 and sections. (R. S. § 5153; Mar. 3, 1901, c. 871, § 1, 31 Stat.
 144S; Mar. 4, 1907, c. 2913, § 3, 34 Stat. 1290; Dec. 23, 1913,
 c. 6, § 27, 88 Stat. 274; Aug. 4, 1914, e. 225, 38 Stat. 682.)
 91. Transfers by bank and other acts in contemplation of
 insolvency.-All transfers of the notes, bonds, bills of exchange,
 or other evidences of debt owing to any national banking asso-
 ciation, or of deposits to its credit; all assignments of mort-
 gages, sureties on real estate, or of judgments or decrees in its
 favor; all deposits of.money, bullion, or otler valuable thing
 for its use, or for the use of any of its shareholders or credi-
 tors; and all payments of money to either, made after the com-
 mission of an act of insolvency, or in contemplation thereof,
 made with a view to prevent the application of its assets in
 tile manner prescribed by this chapter, or with a view to the
 preference of. one creditor to another, except in payment of its
 circulating notes, shall be utterly null and void; and no at-
 tachment, injunction or execution, shall be issued against such
 association or its property before final judgment in any suit,
 action, or proceeding, in any State, county, or municipal court.
 (R. S. § 5242.)
 92. Acting as insuratce agent or broker; procuring loans
 on real estate.-In addition to the powers now vested by law
 in national banking associations organized under tile laws of
 tite United States any such association located and doing
 business in any place the population of which does not exceed
 five thousand inhabitants, as shown by ie last preceding
 decennial census, may, under such rules and regulations as may
 be prescribed by the Comptroller of the Currency, act as the
 
 agent for any fire, life, or other insurance company authorized
 by tite authorities of the State in which such bank is located
 to do business in said State, by soliciting and selling inurance
 and collecting premliumts on policies Issued by such company;
 and may receive for services so rendered such fees -or col-
 missions as may be agreed upon between the said association
 and the insurance company for which it may act is agent;
 and may also act as the broker or agent for others in malking
 or procurlng lams on real estate located Within One hudred
 miles of the place ill whieh said bank may be located, receiving
 for much services a reasonable fee or commtission: Provided,
 howcerer, That no such bank shall in any case guarantee eilher
 the principal or interest of any such loans or assumie or gur-
 antee the payment of any premni  on Insu'ance policies issued
 through its agency by its principal: And provided furthcr,
 That the bank shall not guarantee the truth of any statement
 made by all assured in his application for insurance. (Sept.
 7, 1910. c. 461, 39 Stat. 753.)
 93. Violation of provisions of chapter; forfeiture of fran-
 chise; personal liability of directors.-If the direetors of any
 national banking association shall knowingly violate, or know-
 ingly permit any of the oillcers, agenits, or servants of the asso-
 ciation to violate any of the provisions of this chapter, all the
 rights, privileges, and franchises of the associalion shall lie
 tlreby forfeited. Such violation shall, however, be deterinied
 ald adjudged by a proper district, or Territorial court of th
 United States, in a stilt brought for that purpose by the Conll-
 troller of the Currency, in his own namto, before the ai-ocla-
 tion shall lie declared dissolved. And lit eases (if such viola-
 tion, every director who participated in tor assented to the
 saine shall be held liable in his personal and Individual ca-
 pacity for all dainages which the association, its sharelolders,
 or any other person), shall have sustained in consequence of
 such vitlation. (R. S. § 5239.)
 94. Venue of suits.-Actions and proceedings against any
 association under this chapter may be had fit any (listrict or
 Territorial court of the United Stales held within the district
 in which such association may be established, or it IItny State,
 county, or nmunicipal court il the county or city it wict said
 association is located having jurisdiction in similar cases.
 (R. S. § 5198; Feb. 18, 1875, c. 80, § 1, 18 Stat. 320.)
 OBTAINING AND ISSUING CIRCULATING NOTES
 101. Delivery of circulating notes; deposit of bonds.-Upoa
 tle deposit witl the Treasurer of the United States, by any
 national banking association, of any bonds of the United States
 in the manner provided by existing law, sncl assouciatin
 shall be entitled to receive from the Comptroller of the Cur-
 rency circulating notes in blank, registered and countersigned
 as provided by law, equal it anount to the par vale of tit
 bonds so deposited; and any national bankiig associition now
 having bonds on deposit for the security of eireulating notes,
 and upot which an amount of circulating noics has been
 issued less than the par value of the bonds, shall be entitled,
 upon due application to the Comptroller of the Currency,
 to receive additional circulating notes in blank to an amount
 wlich will Increase time circulating notes teld by such assocla-
 tion to the par value of the bonds deposited, such additional
 notes to be held and treated in the same way its circulating
 notes of national banking associations heretofore Issned, nd
 subject to all the provisions of law affecting such noles:
 Provided, That nothing herein contaited shall be construed
 to modify or repeal the provisions of section 175 of this title,
 authorizing the Comptroller of theu Currency to require addl-
 tional deposits of bonds or of lawful money lIt case the itarket
 value of the bonds held to secure tile circulating sotes shall fall
 below the par value of the circulating notes outstanding for
 which such bonds may be deposited as security: And provided
 
 § 101
 
 
 TITLLI 12.-BANKS AND BANKING
 
 further, That the circulating notes furnished to national bank-
 ing associations under the provisions of this section shall be of
 the denominations prescribed by law: And provided furthcr,
 That the total amount of such notes issued to any such assocla-
 tion may equal at any time but shall not exceed the amount at
 such time of its capital stock actually paid in: And provided
 ftirthcr, That under regulations to be prescribed by the Secre-
 tary of the Treasury any national banking association may
 substitute the 2 ,per centun bonds issued under the provisions
 of section 11 of chapter 41, of Act of March 14, 1900 (Thirty-
 first Statutes, page 48), for any of the bonds deposited with
 tile Treasurer to secure circulation or to secure deposits of
 public money. (Mar. 14, 1900, c. 41, § 12, 31 Stat. 49; Oct. 5,
 1917, c. 74, § 2, 40 Stat. 312.)
 102. "United  States bonds"    as  including  registered
 bonds.-The term "United Sktates bonds," as used throughout
 this chapter, shall be construed to mean registered bonds of
 the United States. (It. S. § 5158.)
 103. Denominations of notes; limitation on amount of $1
 and $2 notes.-Any national banking assoclation, upon com-
 pliance wth the provisions of law applicable thereto, shall
 be 2atitled to receive from the Comptroller of the Currency,
 or to issue or reissue, or place In circulation notes in denomina-
 tions of $1, $2, $5, $10, $20, $50, and $100 in such proportion
 as to each of said denominations as the bank may elect:
 Providcd, however, That no bank shall receive or have in cir-
 culation at any one time more than $25,000 in notes of the
 denominations of $1 and $2. (Oct. 5, 1917, c. 74, § 3, 40
 Stat. 342.)
 104. Printing notes; form.-In order to furnish suitable
 notes for circulation, the Comptroller of the Currency shall,
 under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, cause
 llates and dies to be engraved, in the best manner jo guard
 against counterfeiting and fraudulent alterations, and shall
 have printed therefrom and numbered such quantity of cir-
 culating notes in blank, or bearing engraved signatures of
 officers as herein provided, of the denominations of $1, $2, $5,
 $10, $20, $50, $100, $500, and $1,000, as may be required to
 supply the associations entitled to receive the same. Such
 notes shall express upon their face that they are secured by
 United States bonds deposited with the Treasurer of the
 United States, by the written or engraved signatures of the
 Treasurer and register, and by the imprint of the seal of tile
 Treasury; and shall also express upon their face the promise
 of the association receiving the same to pay on demand,
 attested by tile written or engraved slgnatures of the president
 or vice president and cashier; and shall bear such devices and
 such other statements and shall be in such form as the See-
 retary of the Treasury shall, by regulation, direct. (R. S.
 § 5172; May 30, 1908, c. 229, § 11, 35 Stat. 551; Dec. 23, 1913,
 c. 0, § 27, 38 Stat. 274; Aug. 4, 1914, c. 225, 38 Stat. 682; iar.
 3, 1019, c. 101, § 4, 40 Stat. 1315.)
 105. Printing charter numbers on notes.-The Comptroller
 of the Currency shall, under such rules and regulations as
 the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe, cause the charter
 numbers of the association to be printed upon all national-bank
 notes which may be hereafter issued by him. (June 20, 187.4,
 c. 33, § 5, 18 Stat. 124.)
 106. Distinctive paper for printing.-Tho nationlal-bank
 notes shall be printed under the direction of the Secretary
 of the Treasury, aud upon tile distinctive or special paper
 which has been, or may hereafter be, adopted by him    for
 printing United States notes. (Mar. 3, 1875, c. 130, § 1,
 18 Stat. 372.)
 107. Custody of plates and dies; payment of expenses.-
 Tile plates and special (lies to be procured by the Comptroller
 of the Currency for (lie printing of such circulating notes
 shall remain under his control and direction, and the expenses
 
 necessarily incurred in executing the laws respecting the pro-
 curing of such notes, and all other expenses of the bureau of
 the currency, shall be paid out of the proceeds of the taxes or
 duties assessed and collected on the circulation of natiolal
 banking associations under tils chapter. (1. S. § 5173.)
 108. Examination of plates, dies, and other material; de-
 struction of obsolete material.-The Comptroller of the Cur-
 rency shall cause to be examined, each year, the plates, dies,
 bed pieces, and other material from which the national-bank
 circulation is printed, in whole or in part, and file in his
 office annually a correct list of tile same. Such material as
 shall have been used in tie printing of the notes of associa-
 tions which are In liquidation, or have closed business, shall
 be destroyed under such regulations as shall be prescribed by
 the Comptroller of the Currency and approved by the Sec-
 retary of the Treasury. The expenses of any Such examina-
 tion or destruction shall be paid out of any appropriation
 made by Congress for the special examiation of national
 banks and bank-note plates.  (R. S. § 5174; Feb. 27, 1877,
 c. 09, § 1, 19 Stat. 252.)
 109. Issuance of notes by banks; obligation; signatures of
 officers; demands for which notes shall be received.-Any asso-
 elation receiving *circulating notes under tills clapter nify,
 if Its promise to pay such notes on demand is expressed there-
 oi attested by the written or engraved signatures of the
 president or vice president and the cashiler thereof in such
 inmnlier as to make them obligatory promissory notes payable
 on demand at its place of business, issue, and circulate the
 sae  as money. Such written or engraved signatures of the
 president or vice president and tle cashier of such associa-
 tion may be attached to such notes either before or after
 the receipt of such notes by such association. And Such notes
 shall be received at par in all parts of the United States in
 payment of taxes, excibes, public lands, and all otler dues
 to tie United States, except duties on imuports; and also for all
 salaries and other debts and demands owing by the United
 States to Individuals, corporations, and associations within
 tile United States, except interest on the public debt, and In
 redemption of the national currency. (It. S. § 5182; Jan. 13,
 1920, c. 38, 41 Stat. 387.)
 110. Issue by banks of unautlorized notes; prohibition.-
 No national banking association shall issue post notes or any
 other notes to circulate as money than such as are autlorized
 by the provisions of this chapter. (R. S. § 5183; Feb. 18,
 1875, c. 80, § 1, 18 Stat. 320.)
 REDEMPTION AND REPLACEMENT OF CIRCULATING
 NOTES
 121. Redemption of notes by Treasurer of United States;
 reserve in Treasury; disposition of notes unfit for use; ex-
 penses.-Every national banking association organized under
 the provisions of this chapter, shall at all times keep and
 have on deposit in the Treasury of the United States, in law-
 ful money of tle United States, a sum equal to 5 per centum
 of its circulation, to be held and used for the redemption of
 such circulation, which slum shall in no case be counted as a
 part of its legal reserve; and when the circulating notes of any
 such associations, assorted or unassorted, shall be presented for
 redemption, in sums of $1,000, or any multiple thereof, to the
 Treasurer of the United States, the same slall be redeemed
 In United States notes. All notes so redeemed shall be charged
 by the Treasurer of the United States. to the respective as-
 sociations issuing the same, and he shall notify them severally,
 on the 1st day of each month, or oftener, at lls discretion, of
 the amount of such redemptions; and whenever such redemp.
 tions for any association shall amount to tile sum of $500,
 such association so notified shall forthwith deposit vith the
 Treasurer of the United States a sum in United States notes
 
 § 102
 
 266
 
 
 TITLE 12.-BANKS AND BANKING
 
 equal to the amount of its circulating notes so redeemed. And
 all notes of national banks worn, defaced, mutilated, or other-
 wise unflt for circulation shall, when received by any assistant
 treasurer or at any designated depository of the United States,
 be forwarded to ihe Treasurer of the United States for re-
 deniption as provided herein. And when such redemptions
 have been so reimbursed, the circulating notes so redeemed
 shall be forwarded to the respective associations by which they
 were Issued; but If any of such notes are worn, mutilated, de-
 faced, or rendered otherwise unfit for use, they shall be for-
 warded to the Comptroller of the Currency and destroyed and
 rellaced as now provided by law: Providc4, That each of said
 associations shall reimburse to the Treasury the charges for
 transportation, and the costs for assorting such notes; and
 the associations hereafter organized shall also severally re-
 imburse to the Treasury the cost of engraving such plates as
 shall be ordered by each association respectively; and the
 amount assessed upon each association shall be in proportion
 to the circulation redeemed, and be charged to the fund on de-
 posit with the Treasurer.  (June 20, 1874, c. 313, § 3, 18
 Stat. 123; Dec. 23, 1913, c. 6, § 20, 38 Stat. 271.)
 122. Deposits made with Treasurer to redeem circulating
 notes; disposition.-All deposits received by the Treasurer of
 the United States from national banks, made to redeem the
 circulating notes of such banks, shall be covered into the Treas-
 ury as a miscellaneous receipt, and the Treasurer of the Ullited
 States shall redeem from the general cash in the Treasury the
 circulating notes of said banks which may come into his pos-
 session subject to redemption; and upon the certificate of the
 Comptroller of the Currency that such notes ha'e been received
 by him and that they have been destroyed and that no new
 notes will be Issued in their place, reimbursement of their
 anount shall be made to the Treasurer, under such regulations
 as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe from the appro-
 priatlon known as "National-bank notes, redemption account,"
 but the provisions of this section shall not apply to the deposits
 received under section 121 of this title, requiring every national
 bank to keep In lawful money with the Treasurer of the United
 States a sum equal to 5 per centum of Its circulation, to be held
 and used for the redemption of Its circulating notes; and the
 balance remaining of the deposits so covered shall, at the close
 of each month, be reported on the monthly public-debt statement
 as debt of the United States bearing no interest. (July 14,
 1890, e. 708, § 6, 26 Stat. 289.)
 123. Redemption of notes by bank at own counter.-Every
 national banking association shall redeem its circulating notes
 at its own counter, at par, in lawful money on demand. (R. S.
 § 5195, June 20, 1874, e. 343, § 3, 18 Stat. 123.)
 124. Destroying and replacing notes unfit for use.-It shall
 be the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency to receive worn-
 out or mutilated circulating notes issued by any banking asso-
 ciation, and also, on due proof of the destruction of any such
 circulating notes, to deliver in place thereof to the association
 other blank circulating notes to an equal anmount. Such worn-
 out or mutilated notes, after a memorandum has been entered
 in the proper books, in accordance with such regulations as
 may be established by the comptroller, as well as all circulating
 notes which shall have been paid or surrendered to be can-
 celed, shall be macerated in presence of four persons, one to
 be appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, one by the
 Comptroller of the Currency, one by the Treasurer of the
 United States, and one by the association, under such regula-
 tions as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe. A cer-
 tificate of such maceration, signed by the parties so appointed,
 shall be made In the books of the comptroller, and a duplicate
 thereof forwarded to the association whose notes are thus can-
 celed. (R. S. 1 5184, June 23, 1874, c. 455, § 1, 18 Stat. 206.)
 
 125. Redemption of lost or stolen notes.-The provisions of
 this chapter, providing for the redemption of nationil-bank
 notes, shall apply to all national-bank notes that have been or
 may be issued to, or received by, any national bank, notwith-
 standing such notes may have been lost by or stolen from the
 bank and put in circulation without tile signature or upon the
 forged signature of the president or vice president and casler.
 (July 28, 1892, e. 317, 27 Stat. 322.)
 126. Return to Treasury of notes of failed or liquidating
 banks for redemption.-It shall be tIme duty of the Treasurer,
 designated depositaries, and national-bank deposItaries of tile
 United States to assort and return to tie Treasury for redemip-
 tion the notes of such national banks as have failed or gone
 into voluntary liquidation for the purpose of winding up their
 affairs, and such as shall hereafter so fail or go into liquida-
 tion. (June 20, 187.1, c. 313, § 8, 18 Stat. 125.)
 127. Clerical force for redemption of circulating notes.-
 That to carry into effect tihe provisions of section 3 of the Act
 entitled "An Act fixing the amount of United States notes, pro-
 viding for a redistribution of tme nallonal-bank currency, and
 for other purposes," approved June 20, 1874, the Secretary of
 the Treasury is authorized to appoint a force to be employed
 unmer his direction il the office of time Treasurer of the United
 States and In the office of the Comptroller of the Currency il
 connection with the redemption of circulating notes mis shall be
 proviled for in the appropriation bill for each fiscal year. At
 the end of each month the Secretary of the Treasury shall rein-
 burse tie Treasury to the full amount paid out under tlhe pro-
 visions of this section by transfer of said amount front the de-
 posit of national banking associations with tie Treasurer of
 the United States; and at the end of each fiscal year shall
 transfer from said depfsit to the Treasury of tie United States
 such sum as may have been actually expended under his tiree-
 tion for stationery, rent, fuel, light and other necessary ilci-
 dental expenses which have been incurred in carrying into effct
 the provisions of tIme said section of the above-nanled Act.
 (Mar. 3, 1875, c. 130, § 3, 18 Stat. 399.)
 PROCEEDINGS ON FAILURE OF BANK TO REDEEM ClIt-
 CULATING NOTES
 As to receiverships, see section 191 of this title.
 131. Protest of notes; waiver.-Whenever any national
 banking association falls to redeem In the lawful money of the
 United States any of its circulating notes, upon demand of
 payment duly made during the usual hours of business, at the
 office of such association, or at its designated place of redemp-
 tion, the holder may cause the same to be protested, in one
 package, by a notary public, unless the president or cashler of
 the association whose notes are presented for payment offers
 to waive denmand aid notice of the protest, and, In pursualne
 of such offer, makes, signs, and delivers to the party making
 such demand an admission In writing, stating the time of tile
 demand, tile amount demanded, and the fact of the nonpayment
 thereof. The notary public, on making such protest, or upon
 receiving such admission, shall forthwith forward such admils-
 slon or notice of protest to the Comptroller of the Currency,
 retaining a copy thereof. If, however, saisfactory proof Is
 produced to the notary public that the payment of the notes
 demanded is restrained by order of any court of competent
 jurisdiction, lie shall not protest the same. When tile holder
 of any notes causes more than one note or package to be pro-
 tested on the same daty, lie shall not receive pay for more than
 one protest. (R. S. § 5226; June 20, 1874, c. 843, § 3, 18 Stilt.
 123.)
 132. Examination of conditions by special agent; forfeiture
 of bonds.-On receiving notice that any national bank'ing asso-
 elation has failed to redeem any of its circulating notes, as
 
 § 132
 
 
 TITLE 12.-BANKS AND BANKING
 
 specified in the preceding section, the Comptroller of the Cur-
 rency, with the concurrence of the Secretary of the Treasury,
 may appoint a special agent, of whose appointment immediate
 notice shall be given to such association, who shall Imme-
 diately proceed to ascertain whether it has refused to pay its
 circulating notes in the lawful money of the United States,
 when demanded, and shall report to the comptroller the fact
 so ascertained. If, from such protest, and the report so made,
 the comptroller is satisfied that such association has refused to
 pay its circulating notes and Is in default, he shall, within
 thirly days after he has received notice of such failure, declare
 the bonds deposited by such association forfeited to the United
 States, and they shall thereupon be so forfeited.  (R. S.
 5227.)
 433. Continuing business after default.--After a default on
 the part of an association to pay any of its circulating notes
 hs been ascertained by the comptroller, and notice thereof has
 been given by him to the association, it shall not be lawful for
 the association suffering the same to pay out any of its notes,
 discount any notes or bills, or otherwise prosecute the busi-
 ness of bnking, except to receive and safely keep money be-
 longing to it, and to deliver special deposits. (11. S. § 522S;
 Feb. 18, 1875, c. 80, § 1, 18 Stat. 320.)
 134. Notice by comptroller to holders to present notes for
 payment; redemption; cancellation of bonds.-Immediately
 upon declaring the bonds of an association forfeited for non-
 paynit of its notes, the comptroller shall give notice, in such
 nnmer as the Secretary of the Treasury shall, by general rules
 or otherwise, direct, to the holders of the circulating notes of
 such association, to present them for payment at the Treasury
 of the United States; and the same shall be paid as presented
 in lawful money of the United States! whereupon the comp-
 troller may, in his discretion, cancel an amount of bonds
 pledged by such association equal at current market rates, not
 exceeding par, to the notes paid. (I. S. § 5229.)
 135. Disposition of redeemed notes; perpetuation of evi-
 dence of payment.-The Secretary of the Treasury may, from
 time to time, make such regulations respecting the disposition
 to be made of circulating notes after presentation at the Treas-
 ury of the United States for payment, and respecting the per-
 petuation of the evidence of the payment t!,ereof, as may seem
 to him proper. (I. S. § 5232.)
 136. Cancellation of redeemed notes.-All notes of national
 bmiking associations presented at the Treasury of the United
 States for payment shall, on being paid, be canceled. (It. S.
 § 5233.)
 137. Sale of bonds at auction; lien on assets.-Whenever the
 comptroller has become satisfied, by the protest or the waiver
 and admission specified in section 131, or by the report pro-
 vided for in section 132, that any association has refused to
 pay Its circulating notes, lie may, instead of canceling its bonds,
 caulse so much of them as may be necessary to redeem its
 outstanding notes to be sold at public auction In the city of
 New York, after giting thirty days' notice of such sale to the
 association. For any deficiency in the proceeds of all the
 bonds of all association, when thus sold, to reimburse to the
 United States the amount expended in paying the circulating
 notes of the association, the United States shall have a para-
 mount lien upon fill its assets; and such deficiency shall be
 made good out of such assets In preference to any and all
 other claims whatsoever, except the necessary costs and ex-
 penses of administering time same. (It. S. § 5230.)
 138. Sale of bonds at private sale.-The comptroller may, if
 lie deems It for the interest of the United States, sell at pri-
 vtte sale any of the bonds of an association shown to have
 made default in paying Its notes, and receive therefor either
 money or the circulating notes of the association. But no such
 boids shall be sold by private sale for less than par, nor for
 
 logs than the market value thereof at the time of sale; and
 no sales of any such bonds, either public or private, shall be
 complete uni.il the transfer of the bonds shall have been made
 with the formalities prescribed by sections 170--172. (It. S.
 § 5231.)
 RESERVE CITIES; LAWFUL RESERVES
 141. Central reserve and reserve cities; designation.-The
 cities of Now York and Chicago ore hereby designated as cen-
 tral reserve cities, and the following cities are designated as
 reserve cities:
 
 Boston
 Albany
 Brooklyn aud Bronx
 Buffalo
 'hiladelphia
 Pittsburgh
 Baltimore
 Washington
 Riclhmond
 Atlanta
 Jacksonville
 Birmingham
 New Orleans
 Dallas
 El Paso
 Fort Worth
 Galveston
 Ihouston
 San Antonio
 "1,Waco
 Little Rock
 
 Louisville
 Memphis
 Nashville
 Cincinnati
 Cleveland
 Columbus
 Toledo
 Inlianapolis
 Chicago
 Peoria
 Detroit
 Grand Rapids
 Milwaukee
 Minneapolis
 St. Paul
 Cedar Rapids
 Des Molnes
 Dubuque
 Sioux City
 Kansas City, Mo.
 St. Joseph
 
 St. Louis
 Lincoln
 Oiuinlma
 Kansas City, Kans.
 Topeka
 Wichita
 Ilelnmm
 Denver
 Pueblo
 Muskogee
 Oklahoma City
 Tinlsa
 Seattle
 Spokane
 Portlmnd
 Los Angeles
 Oakland
 San Francisco
 Ogden
 Salt Lake City
 
 The Federal Reserve Board may at any time reclassify cities
 so designated as reserve and central reserve cities, may add to
 the number so classified or terminate the designation of any
 cities as such. (R. S. § 5191; Dec. 23, 1913, c. 6, § 2, 38 Stat.
 251.)
 142. Banks in reserve cities; reserves.-National banking
 associations located in reserve cities or central reserve cities
 shall maintain reserves provided for in section 462 for banks so
 located.. (It. S. § 5191; Dec. 23, 1913, c. 6, §§ 19, 27, 38 Stat.
 270; Aug. 4, 1914, e. 225, 38 Stat. 225; Aug. 15, 1914, e. 252, 38
 Stat. 691; June 21, 1917, c. 32, § 10, 40 Stat. 239.)
 143. Banks in Alaska and insular possessions; lawful money
 reserves.-Every national banking association located in Alaska
 or in a dependency or insular possession or any part of the
 United States outside of the continental United States, and not
 a member of the Federal reserve system, shall at all times have
 oil hand in lawful money of the United States an amount
 equal to at least 15 leer cent of the aggregate amiount of its
 deposits In all respects. Whenever the lawful money of any
 such association shall fall below 15 per cent of its deposits
 such nssociation shall not increase its liabilities by making
 any new loans or discounts other than by discounting or pur-
 chasing bills of exchange payable at sight nor make any divi-
 dends of its profits until the required proportion between the
 aggregate amount of its deposits and its lawful money of the
 United States hais been restored. And tile Comproller of the
 Currency shall notify any such association whose lawful money
 reserve shall be below the amount required to be kept on hand
 to make good such reserve, and If such association shall fail
 for thirty days thereafter so to make good its lawful money
 the Comptroller may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of
 the Treasury, appoint a receiver to wind up the business of the
 association a provided In section 192. (It. S. § 5191.)
 144. Certain balances counted toward reserves in Alaska
 and insular possessions.--Threo-flfths of the reserve of 15 per
 
 § 133
 
 
</pre>
